

LIKE A ROLLING STONE- Bob Dylan         
   

C                     Dm7
Once upon a time, you dressed so fine

Em                     F              G          G7
Threw the bums a dime, in your prime, didn't you?

C                 Dm7                  Em
People call, say "Beware, doll, you're bound to fall"

     F                    G           G7
You thought they were all kiddin' you 

F           G                   
You used to laugh about         

F                  G
Everybody that was hangin' out

F           Em    Dm7     C     F       Em    Dm7     C
But now you don't talk so loud, Now you don't seem so proud

Dm                 F                    G     G7
About havin' to be scroungin' your next meal 

                C       F   G                   
How does it     feel?               
How does it     feel 
To be without a home            
Like a complete unknown    
Like a rollin'  stone 

You've gone to the finest schools, alright, Miss Lonely
But you know you only used to get juiced in it 
Nobody ever taught you how to live out on the street
But you find out now you're gonna have to get used to it 
You said you'd never compromise
With the Mystery Tramp but now you realize
He's not selling any alibis, as you stare into the vacuum of his eyes
And he says, "Do you want to make a deal?"

How does it feel? How does it feel?
To be on your own, with no direction home
A complete unknown, like a rolling stone

You never turned around to see the frowns
On the jugglers and the clowns when they all did tricks for you 
Never understood that it ain't no good 
You shouldn't let other people get your kicks for you 
You used to ride on the chrome horse with your diplomat
Who carried on his shoulders a Siamese cat
Ain't it hard when you discover that
He really wasn't where it's at
After he took from you everything he could steal

How does it feel? How does it feel?
To have to be on your own, with no direction home
Like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone

Princess on the steeple and all the pretty people
They're all drinkin', thinkin' that they've got it made 
Exchanging all kinds of precious gifts
But you'd better lift your diamond ring, you'd better pawn it babe 
You used to be so amused
At Napoleon in rags and the language that he used
Go to him now he calls you you can't refuse
When you got nothin' you got nothin' to lose
You're invisible now you've got no secrets to conceal 

How does it feel? Aaah, how does it feel?
To be on your own, with no direction home
Like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone


[...capo on 5 is interesting, if not painful...]