Shelter from the Storm
Shelter From the Storm
By Bob Dylan

Open E Tuning

Intro: E

E                B         A                E
'Twas in another life time, one of toil and blood

                     B           A                E
When blackness was a virtue, the road was full of mud

                   B             A
I came in from the wilderness, a creature void of form.

 E                        B       A                E
"Come in" she said, "I'll give ya shelter from the storm."

And if I pass this way again, you can rest assured,
I'll always do my best for her on that I give my word.
In a world of steel eyed death and men fighting to be warm,
Come in she said, I'll give you shelter from the storm.

Not a word was spoke between us, there was little risk involved.
everything up to that point had been left unresolved.
Try imagining a place where it's always safe and warm
Come in she said I'll give you shelter from the storm.

I was burned out from exhaustion, buried in the hail.
Poisoned in the bushes and blown out on the trail
Hunted like a crocodile ravaged in the corn
Come in she said I'll give you shelter from the storm

Suddenly I turned around and she was standing there
With silver bracelets on her wrists and flowers in her hair.
She walked up to me so gracefully and took my crown of thorns
Come in she said I'll give you shelter from the storm.

Now there's a wall between us, something has been lost.
I took too much for granted, I got my signals crossed
Just to think that all began on a noneventfull morn
Come in she said I'll give you shelter from the storm

Well the deputy walks on hard nails and the preacher rides a mount
But nothing really matters much, it's doom alone that counts
And the one-eyed undertaker, he blows a futile horn
Come in she said I'll give you shelter from the storm

I've heard newborn babies wailin' like a mornin' dove
And old men with broken teeth stranded without love.
Do I understand your question, then is it hopeless and forlorn.
Come in she said I'll give you shelter from the storm.

In a little hill top village, they gambled for my clothes
I bargained for salvation and she gave me a lethal dose.
I offered up my innocence, and got repaid with scorn
Come in she said I'll give you shelter from the storm

I'm livin' in a foreign country, but I'm bound to cross the line.
Beauty walk a razors edge, someday I'll make it mine.
If I could only turn back the clock to when God and her were born
Come in she said I'll give you shelter from the storm.



